sci-biology/cluster License:
Software and source code Copyright (C) 1998-2000 Stanford University Written by
Michael Eisen (eisen@genome.stanford.edu) This software is copyright under the
following conditions: Permission to use, copy, and modify this software and its
documentation is hereby granted to all academic and not-for-profit institutions
without fee, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice
appear in all copies of the software and related documentation. Permission to
distribute the software or modified or extended versions thereof on a
not-for-profit basis is explicitly granted, under the above conditions. However,
the right to use this software by companies or other for profit organizations,
or in conjunction with for profit activities, and the right to distribute the
software or modified or extended versions thereof for profit are NOT granted
except by prior arrangement and written consent of the copyright holders. For
these purposes, downloads of the source code constitute "use" and downloads of
this source code by for profit organizations and/or distribution to for profit
institutions in explicitly prohibited without the prior consent of the copyright
holders. Use of this source code constitutes an agreement not to criticize, in
any way, the code-writing style of the author, including any statements
regarding the extent of documentation and comments present. The software is
provided "AS-IS" and without warranty of ank kind, express, implied or
otherwise, including without limitation, any warranty of merchantability or
fitness for a particular purpose. In no event shall Stanford University or the
authors be liable for any special, incudental, indirect or consequential damages
of any kind, or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or
profits, whether or not advised of the possibility of damage, and on any theory
of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of
this software. This code was written using Borland C++ Builder (Inprise Inc.,
www.inprise.com) and may be subject to certain additional restrictions as a
result.
